README.md, before:

# GA-Project-1-Game-App

User Stories:

(1) As a user, I want to learn about small business deductions so that I can strategically spend money to grow my business.

(2) As a user, I want to play a game to learn about small business deductions because it is a more enjoyable way to learn about them than studying on my own.

(3) As a user, I want to learn about small business deductions to ensure that my business expenses are categorized correctly in my accounting software.

(4) As a user, I want to learn about small business deductions so that I can intelligently review my tax forms for accuracy.

(5) As a user, I want to learn about small business deductions so that I know which receipts to keep on file.

<!-- ***The information contained within this project is provided for informational purposes only and is not intended to substitute for obtaining accounting, tax, or financial advice from a professional tax planner or financial planner. Readers are advised not to act upon the information contained within this project without seeking the service of a professional tax advisor and/or financial planner.***  -->

Commit message:

continuing attempts to hide tiles chosen if they're not a match

README.md, after:

# GA-Project-1-Game-App

// explanations of the technologies used, the approach taken, installation instructions, unsolved problems, etc.

User Stories:

(1) As a user, I want to see a message when I've matched the tiles correctly so that I know I've won a set.

(2) As a user, I want to see a message when I've matched tiles incorrectly so that I can try to remember how to win a set.

(3) As a user, I want the contents of each tile to be revealed when clicked.

(4) As a user, I want the tiles to be rearranged for each round so that each game of play is a challenge.

(5) As a user, I want the tiles to be large enough to find and the text on each tile to be legible so that I can navigate through the game without difficulty.

<!-- ***The information contained within this project is provided for informational purposes only and is not intended to substitute for obtaining accounting, tax, or financial advice from a professional tax planner or financial planner. Readers are advised not to act upon the information contained within this project without seeking the service of a professional tax advisor and/or financial planner.***  -->
